Configuration validator CLI (#32)
envoyproxy/xds-relay: tools/configuration-validator/README.md

## configuration-validator

> A tool to help validate aggregation key configuration files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tool to help validate xds-relay configuration files.
```

### Synopsis

configuration-validator is a CLI tool used to validate aggregation key yaml files.
The aggregation key yaml file is validated against the [https://github.com/envoyproxy/xds-relay/blob/master/api/protos/aggregation/v1/aggregation.proto](proto file).
The same proto file is annotated with [protoc-gen-validate constraint rules](https://github.com/envoyproxy/protoc-gen-validate/#constraint-rules) to enforce semantic rules. Both the xds-relay initialization and the CLI share the same validation method. 

The idea behind having a separate CLI tool to validate yaml files is to enable tooling around the generation and validation of config files. For example, imagine a scenario where an automated process generates a config file and a CI pipeline uses the validator tool to ensure the generated yaml is valid.

```
configuration-validator [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -c, --config-file string   path to configuration file
  -h, --help                 help for configuration-validator

> ```

Reviewer: How about the following (removing the `.` before the backticks)?

```
## Synopsis

configuration-validator is a CLI tool used to validate xds-relay configuration
files.

The tool can be embedded in user CI pipelines to ensure that xds-relay is
provisioned correctly.

It currently supports:

* Aggregation Key configurations

## Aggregation Key

The aggregation key yaml configuration is validated against the
[proto file](https://github.com/envoyproxy/xds-relay/blob/master/api/protos/aggregation/v1/aggregation.proto
).  The same proto file is annotated with [protoc-gen-validate constraint
rules](https://github.com/envoyproxy/protoc-gen-validate/#constraint-rules) to
enforce semantic rules. Both the xds-relay initialization and the CLI share the
same validation method.

### Usage

.```
configuration-validator aggregation [flags]
.```

#### Options

.```
  -p, --path string   path to aggregation key configuration file
  -h, --help          help for configuration-validator
.```
```
